This is the source code for a project I completed as part of the Spring 2019 course, Computational Problems Solving. My partner, Sierra Wyllie, and I completed the project during our second semester at the Gatton Academy of Math and Science. The project consists of three systems and three files of code. database.m was designed to build the PostSQL database that stored all of the known faces. The database is exempt from this repository for privacy reasons. Server.nb was designed to run on a seperate machine that would complete all of the computations involving the Facial Recognition, using any image sent to it. GUI.nb was designed to execute on the client machine and consists of the GUI for the project. The GUI was responsible for sending the images to the machine running Server.nb. The options were to identify a known face from an image, identify a known face from a live stream, and to identify a known face from a picture taken using the system camera. In order to identify faces from a live stream, we introduced a phone, the third system, that was broadcasting its camera feed to an external server using the app "ipCam". You cannot execute the program yourself, because it inculded many hardcoded IP addresses and router configurations. However, you may view the source code to your heart's content.

The final report and presentation that we submitted at the end of the course is also available. The report includeds a detailed explanation of how the program works and a few screenshots of it working. 

Please contact me at austin.kwb@gmail.com with any further questions regarding the project.
